Director of Engineering, Google CloudDirector of Engineering, Google Cloud
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience in networking, distributed systems, and programming languages.
10 years of experience managing diverse engineering teams.
Preferred qualifications:

Advanced business or technical degree.
Measurable track record in creating, executing and delivering a technical vision.
In-depth experience operating within and leading cross-functional teams.
Effective product sensibility, with capability to advocate and drive key product innovations or
opportunities with the developer community.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English with the ability to represent and
advocate complex technical concepts.
Demonstrated passion for and thought leadership within networking, programming languages and
distributed systems.
About the job
As the Director of Engineering, you will bring your technical and engineering management skills to
ensure evolution and success of communication frameworks, including next-generation imperative
programming development environments and transformative high-performance RPC systems.

You will manage and grow a team of engineering managers and technical leads, while also managing
and driving the vision and strategy for these frameworks. You will partner with technical leaders in
your team and in customer teams, such as Search, Ads and Youtube, and drive adoption of new
communications frameworks across Google.

Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry
solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge
technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving
customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud
as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems.

Responsibilities
Serve as one of the primary points of contact for key customers at Google, defining product and
adoption strategies and executing plans.

Collaborate with developers across Google to drive developer productivity and efficiency of
communication stacks.
Track, understand, and interpret key usage and efficiency metrics to understand the current state
and to ultimately make impactful data-driven technical and business decisions.
Manage, lead, and grow a team of technical leaders and engineering managers to achieve goals.
Work with cross-functional teams to improve developer productivity and efficiency of
communications stack.
Create, communicate and advocate a strategy for bringing Google’s innovations to Google Cloud and
the rest of the industry.

