Lead Technical Program Manager, Site Reliability Engineering
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, a related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Experience managing end-to-end lifecycle of technical projects.
Experience with Unix/Linux systems with scripting experience in Shell, Perl or Python.
Experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, Java, Python.
Preferred qualifications:

Program management or technical management experience leading large-scale, cross-functional,
and dynamic technical projects.
Software engineering management or project management expertise.
Ability to define strategic goals and organize a team and their services around delivering on those
goals.
Leadership skills and a passion for growing and building an effective TPM function within an SRE
organization.
Excellent communication skills, with ability to articulate your thoughts clearly and communicate
across a wide variety of functions (SRE, Engineering) and levels.
About the job
Google's projects, like our users, span the globe and require managers to keep the big picture in
focus while being able to dive into the unique engineering challenges we face daily. As a Technical
Program Manager at Google, you lead complex, multi-disciplinary engineering projects using your
engineering expertise. You plan requirements with internal customers and usher projects through
the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing project schedules, identifying risks and clearly
communicating them to project stakeholders. You're equally at home explaining your team's
analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in
product development with engineers.

In this role you will manage a group of Technical Program Managers (TPMs) working across a
multitude of product groups who manage complex programs. The TPM role in SRE is at the core of
preparing for the continued exponential growth of Google and other programs in Technical
Infrastructure. TPMs play a pivotal role in ensuring that Google services/infrastructure are carefully
planned and deployed in a time, place, and configuration which is ideal for serving Google's users.
Your role sits at a nexus of capacity planning, technical project execution, product planning, site
reliability and software engineering.

Your leadership abilities will be drawn upon to assist the TPM function in delivering large, highly
complex and cross-functional programs. You will be equally at home explaining analyses and project
recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical merits of next-generation
architectures with engineers, or building tools to automate and scale their impact.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team
to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next
generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our
engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We
keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.

Responsibilities
Manage a team of TPMs working across all core networking groups and assist where necessary to
ensure successful delivery of multiple programs concurrently.
Assist Director on operational management of Product Area.
Collaborate with SRE leadership in key program decision making - including scope definition,
requirements gathering, staffing, planning and execution of programs.
Work with cross-functional partners and manage the intake of work into teams in a process and
scalable driven fashion.
Be responsible for the people and career development of TPMs and working to identify
opportunities for exciting career challenges. Ensure there is flexibility and mobility opportunities
also.

