Primary English Teacher
Position Title: Facilitator for fREADom Live Classes
Department: fREADom Mobile App
Working with: Consumer App Team
Location: comfort of your own home!
About Stones2Milestones
Stones2Milestones is on a mission to 'Create a Nation of Readers', gifting children the will and
skill to read in English. We have created India’s most premier reading program for children of
ages 3-9 and are currently impacting over 200,000 children in 110 schools across 50+ cities.
A significant part of this reading program is the fREADom mobile app. The award-winning app,
which parents and children use at home to bond over reading, has over 1500 stories, activities
and news pieces for children to read and enjoy.
The team believes that by helping children to 'Learn to Read' in elementary years, they enable
them to 'Read to Learn' during formal education and eventually 'Read to Lead' in their chosen
paths, helping them find their place in the world. Today, we are leveraging our technology
platforms to grow our mission across three axes- age, geography and stakeholders.
Position, Purpose and Key Responsibilities:
We are looking to bring into our fold an incredible teacher/facilitator to conduct online classes for
children of ages 6-10. These classes will be on topics related to phonics, vocabulary,
comprehension, conversational English, storytelling and writing. They will be conducted via a
video calling technology interface. Each class will be 45-60 minutes long. All the material you
need to conduct the class will be provided.
This is a monthly retainership role. You will not be a full time employee of the company unless
offered otherwise. The classes will happen between 3 pm - 8 pm.
Key Responsibilities:
•

Conducting excellent and engaging live classes for children:

Conducting a minimum of 12 classes a week and maximum of 20 classes in a week in a way that
children are able to meet their learning outcomes.
•

Improving constantly:

Working relentlessly to improve the children’s class experience and own knowledge of
facilitation, pedagogy and technology. Accept feedback and give the Stones2Milestones team
constructive feedback on the classes, topic flow and resources as well.
•

Adhering to administrative needs for all classes:

Ensuring marking of attendance, correction of children’s homework and keeping all
documentation up to date.
Necessary prerequisites - skills
•

Excellent communicative and written English

•

Teaching experience (online or in a classroom)

•

Ease of using or ability to learn and grasp technology like email, Google Slides and
Google Sheets

Necessary prerequisites - technology

•

Strong, fully functioning and hi-speed Internet connection

•

A good laptop or tablet, functioning webcam, good speaker

•

A good smartphone

Remuneration:
(A) Skills, abilities and attitudes:
•

Support of a great network of facilitators

•

Opportunities for pedagogical development

•

Ability to spend time with children who love and adore you, look forward to pleasing you

(b) Monetary:
2 classes/day - 11k/month
3 classes/day - 17k/month
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Experience:
•
•

work: 1 year (Preferred)
total work: 1 year (Preferred)

Education:
•

Bachelor's (Preferred)

