Senior Product Manager, Hardware Enablement,
Chrome OS Platform
Minimum qualifications:
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, related technical field or equivalent

practical experience.
• 5 years of product management experience leading consumer

electronics/hardware products.
• Experience working with SoC manufacturers and/or consumer electronics OEMs.
• Experience managing a team of product managers.

Preferred qualifications:
• 8 years of product management experience leading consumer

electronics/hardware from inception to large scale user adoption.
• 2 years of experience working with computer or mobile SoC manufacturers.
• Experience managing day-to-day technical and design direction.
• Knowledge of multiple functional areas such as Product Management,

Engineering, UX/UI, Sales, Customer Support, Finance or Marketing.

About the job
In this role, you will lead a global team of product managers focused on strategy
and execution for reference designs which enable an ecosystem of Chrome OS
devices. As the team leader of platform hardware enablement, you will partner
closely with hardware and software engineering teams and business leaders
internally at Google as well as externally with key partners: SoC manufacturers,
ODMs, and OEMs.
In addition to device bring-up, you will own a holistic strategy and roadmap for
Chrome OS, focusing on our ecosystem scaling initiatives as well as initiatives to
reduce device bring-up time and accelerate time-to-market. These important
initiatives will enable more users to be able to enjoy the speed, security, smarts,
and simplicity of the Chrome OS operating system across education, consumer,
and enterprise markets.
Google aims to build products that organize the world's information and make it
universally accessible to our users. As a Product Manager at Google, you could be
working on new technologies, platforms, consumer facing products, and/or
enterprise systems. The end goal will be to match you with the team that best
aligns with your interests, experience, and where you will have the most impact.

Responsibilities
• Lead a global team of product managers in designing and executing on a roadmap

of hardware reference designs for Chrome OS devices, combining deep technical
expertise, business and market understanding, and strategic thinking.

• Partner with engineering teams and executives at SoC partners, ODMs, and

OEMs to launch Chrome OS devices, aligned to market needs and timing.
• Work collaboratively with engineering teams and peer platform product

management teams globally.
• Own hardware ecosystem scaling initiatives to advance and grow the Chrome OS

ecosystem.
• Define and own a holistic strategy and roadmap for Chrome OS and partner with

SoC providers to plan and incorporate long-term architectural technologies.

